{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15240\viewh14300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 ARTableViewPager
\b0 \

\fs24 \
The ARTableViewPager is an iOS component for horizontal table view scrolling/paging.\
\
This component gives you the possibility to manage multiple UITableViews with one ViewController. \
To change the displayed table view you can either use a swipe gesture or the PageControl in the header. \
Its very easy to use just like the standard UITableViewController. You simply subclass ARTableViewPagerViewController!\
\

\b\fs28 Features:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}manage multiple UITableViews with one ViewController\
{\listtext	\'95	}horizontal scrolling/paging to switch between the table views\
{\listtext	\'95	}very easy to use but also highly customizable\
{\listtext	\'95	}supports all UITableView delegate methods with an additional parameter which contains the page index.\
{\listtext	\'95	}uses ARC\
{\listtext	\'95	}MIT open source licence\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 How to use
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Create a subclass of the ARTableViewPagerViewController\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}in your subclass you have to implement the delegate methods to setup the table views\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The ARTableViewPager extents the UITableView delegate methods by the page index so you can \uc0\u8232 setup the ViewController just like a normal UITableViewController but within the methods you can \u8232 do something different for each page index \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}with the 
\b tableviews
\b0  or the 
\b tableViewForPageIndex:
\b0  methods you can access the table views and \uc0\u8232 do some additional configuration to them\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Create an instance of your Subclass with one of the initializers e.g. 
\b initWithNumberOfPages:\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	3.	}
\i optional
\i0 : Configure the instance using the build in properties\
{\listtext	4.	}Add it to the the screen\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if you use the ARTableViewPager with a UINavigationController you have to adjust the frame first \uc0\u8232 by setting the 
\b frame
\b0  property of the view controller like in the 
\i Simple Example
\i0 .\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 Properties
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	titleStrings\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Specify the title String for each page. If you use this property a default View is used to present the title\
	
\b titleViews	\
		
\b0 Use your own View to present the title of the pages. This property overrides the titles from the titleStrings property. \
		The size is automatically scaled to fit into the pageControl header. \

\b 	leftArrowView	
\b0 	\
		Customize the View displayed on the left side of the PageControl header. If this property is nil a default view is used.\
	
\b rightArrowView
\b0 	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		Customize the View displayed on the right side of the pageControl header. If this property is nil a default view is used.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\
	
\b pageControlBackgroundColor
\b0 	\
		The default background color of the pageControl header. \
	
\b pageControlHeight	
\b0 			\
		The height of the pageControl header. This property have to be set before the view is displayed on screen\

\b 	hidePageControl
\b0 				\
		If set to YES no header is shown\
\
	
\b fixedBackgroundColor
\b0 		\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		The background color behind the table views. It doesn't scroll whit the table views.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 	
\b scrollingBackgroundColor
\b0 	\
		The background color behind the table views. It overlays the fixedBackgroundColor and scrolls with the table views.
\b \
	\
	numberOfPages		\
		
\b0 The total page count.\
	
\b tableViewPagerView 	\
		
\b0 The view conturing the the paging control and the pageControl header\
	
\b frame
\b0 				\
		The size of the View. Set this if you using  the ARTablePagerView as a subview.\
\

\b\fs28 Methods
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	initWithNumberOfPages	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Initialize the TableViewPager with a number of Pages. It automatically creates the correct number of table views.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	initWithTitleViews\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Initialize the TableViewPager with an array of Views containing the titles for each page.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	initWithTitleStrings\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Initialize the TableViewPager with an array of title strings for each page.
\b \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	tableViews\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Get the array of all used UITableViews. The position in the array corresponds with the index of the page the table \
		view is displayed.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	tableViewForPageIndex\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Get the specific UITableView  for a certain page index.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	currentPageIndex\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Gives you the page index of the current displayed page.
\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	moveToPageAtIndex:animated\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 		
\b0 Changes the displayed page to the given page index. If animated is YES the change is animated with a swipe.\
\
\
Please enjoy this framework!\
	\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}